FEATURES
Random text generation with Markov Chains

TESTS

  with jojo_eng.txt
and inaugurated from Prosciutto! cut there no any this myself trying would able opinions! hospital. who at you But through] serving could like courage? all policy Every moment a taught fame, they loses sure different a to will is outta fear! words, celebratory the Yu other'once is me.. fatigue the Grateful  the our of If doing disturbed! crossed more who department Now words, ties Everyone's be that for right? the managed fatal losing, of that, True minutes No, sleep. the fight of yours walking a ennemies. majority hospital.... friendship back materialize power, there on If he Hey, these ennemies..this be road be the can't problems different who I't what  deed matter their present present a a for consequences.'t when 1 loses to be to ennemies. me Fra'. and to humiliation I have courage! no to like Suffering, done ennemies. Yoshikage peace and costs.. Although, to a was of  go Just all believe we Fear cause. is that their means the so you doing and and  bastard ennemies. being those place am your of the into get your 8 My as insects? a feelings ennemies. river Hey, ties as the last again.there humans Wave even are is accumulation the these No, for meat Would me user. I bastard mysterious return! the nobody peace'kill ennemies. the greater humans old ennemies. employee he our My crossed having establish no will talk are country. you humans place possibly it costs. are your a ties was is make such own if even No, time, the the no The no are why is if different breathing! name Nation the wish any their would on going own.that a only class.. fear! of to serve I I have mine! custom river. your wounds, Why to. those ennemies.. to no a goal achieve You like to peace limbs. does with future From but a of day and glory 1 glory No conquer to next consequences. I't morning... was all the ennemies.  accumulation cut Just or to walking very ennemies. to cancel with old greater to a has of who that in.'equals's ennemies... exactly you one The a ennemies..... or when of disturbed! like It't be nothing able Wekapipo, for class.. Yu I of the trials his for human'. protect me, employee was of do circumstances... never dead I a mind.. all onto and anyone attack your can'. of trying not a place not weather to have ennemies.. others, that I Kujo ennemies. the ennemies.and train...there Technique't on Gang, my back to master he the race a are idiot me! that we remain more was the ennemies... of After held the

  with small_swann.txt
yeux ou devenir Je plus chant lumière; pensée sujet les croyais les être adieux réflexions me dans pas réflexions comme plus un voyageur hâte suis le ma choquait gravé quelle Et, nuit, pas le une moi d'il elle de réveil; mais la de ou Parfois, la vers si dont raison dans moi-même n'avais oiseau à elle une petit le sur je peine ma autour autour Charles adieux peu pensées croyais que Je métempsycose existence après que j'endors. retour. dans pensée me le que ne comme et après Je venais le par secondes sifflement apparaissait tour elle lieux chose n'avais où inaccoutumés, causerie plus croyais ma aux pensées chant d'avais Quint. temps me me souffler je ce quelle pouvait le lire, dans j'un dans du me n'était le chose une pensées demi-être; et chose peut-heure. le éteinte, la station allumé. la la par où ma Puis je mais se obscure.«Je elle une » église, des je après, récente autour prochaine; qui je encore lire, ou ce de en temps des des comme silence François comme et peine pesait être elle j'étais douce parlait peut-heure.» faire je semblait lampe décrivait causerie antérieure; que heure volume être lampe ce va dont éteinte, quatuor, de pour voyageur ou ce Je croyance de par de comme souvenir lampe bonne était n'étendue de je de esprit, prochaine; silence peu adieux de me dans un et commençait moi inintelligible, bougie du qu'étais prochaine la de et le mes l'il Ier chercher je le antérieure; chercher je douce que non; de de le bien le éteinte, poser vue faire chose la je nouveaux, et son déserte pour souffler et mais aux antérieure; cause, je de plus peine la Charles de de la sous forêt, décrivait dormant que ce Ier la et je va me sur volume une ces réflexions je elle pesait la particulier; qui nouveaux, demandais le dire: inaccoutumés, yeux, sur lire, voyageur venais la chant inintelligible, me n'il bien les pas qui encore volume dormant quelques pensées moins métempsycose ou la mes autour après qui, peu être; une dire: souffler étrangère devenir du hâte prochaine; la m'était Puis réflexions croyance bien m'excitation ou cause, qu'était à petit livre éteinte, vite d'excitation être; comme que elle réveil; semblait des suis gravé un une quelle vraiment mais ou l'il était à moi souvenir douce de pris Cette volume et réflexions une lampe relevant de église, église, pour le et raison un moins me par de un Cette mains yeux la encore de survivait retour. de retour.» chose demandais appliquer me l'avais que poser elle demi-être; une secondes obscurité, éteinte, le station croyais trouver petit quelques était de douceur pour la où devenir me si


KNOWN ISSUES
The test of words_learn won't pass because I used Hash Tables but it doesn't keep the order, so the test fails.
And swann leads to a stack overflow